# Demo structure
For each step there is a seperate branch.

## Demo 1
The initial code after generation

## Demo 2
The controller has just one action methode. The Index action method just returns a string. This step shows the responsibility for the controller.

## Demo 3
The controller and default view are now restored. This step shows the relationship between the controller and the view.

## Demo 4
The controller can now use a non default view.

## Demo 5
The view now uses binding using a Viewbag.

## Demo 6
This step shows the modelbinding in MVC for a get action method.
*The EditStudent has been named incorrectly on purpose*

## Demo 7
The modelbinding now works the post action method as well. There is no validation yet.

## Demo 8 
The validation has been added. A correct post works. An incorrect post shows an error.

## Demo 9
The error for the view name is fixed.

## Demo 10 
The validation now show an error message. The message has an overriden css class.

## Demo 11
The index action method shows an reference to Student.

# Routing

## Routing
The route can be used with defaults but also the controller and action method can be specified.
/, /Home and /Home/Index will result in the same call to the Index action method on the Home controller.

## Routing with constant name in template
All controllers can now only be reached by prefixing with /Pages/

## Special route (without controller and action method)
The students page can now be routed with /students as well.

# Razor

## Default layout
As generated by the scaffolding template

## Nearly Empty layout
Layout added. 
Demo:
1. Create Razor View (Home Controller) StudentBare (select no layout). Demo page.
2. Remove @layout. Show that the default is used. Show location of default.
3. Add @layout to the new empty layout just for the new page (seperate branch)

Final


@{
    Layout = "_BasicLayout";
}

@model Student
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html>
<head>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width" />
    <title>StudentBare</title>
</head>
<body>
    <div>@Model.FirstName</div>

</body>
</html>

# ViewImports

The viewmodel Teacher has been added to the solution. We want to use the viewmodel in our views. The action method to return the teacher has been added in the code.
Demo:
1. Add page Teacher.cshtml
2. Try to add the model. 
3. Add the code
@using DemoMVC.Models.ViewModels
4. The ViewModels folder will contain a lot of viewmodels for our application. Add the using to the _ViewImports.cshtml and remove the using from the page.
5. Explain the use of the addTagHelper *, Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.TagHelpers 

# Razor (RazorInView)
This demo shows how you can use some razor syntax in the view

